right here you guys you guys see this
too it was running sundown 500 apologies
Absalom Kieran AK based on see big fast
experience were born this we just let
your widest all in for one day just to
get a plane for the pill gamma it was
originally running around safely enough
okay but now it's ready to push it along
to solve a 5k on the pair 12 okay first
yesterday's all ok so I'm we got to
around HTC 12-6 batteries what a big
free upgrade has been done on it and I'm
going to give you a demo in a few
minutes so there's not be seats quickly
let's see here we got this one up for us
that one that one's gonna say open for
biz right yeah that's right no you ni
hana some going ok so the seat knocks
back in place if you guys to see that I
see okay so we just gonna give you a
quick little demo on it is called
quickly posey doge a rock secure them
with it let us give them worse cause it
did yesterday's well on pd OAC there
alright so what what we would do know
i'm gonna give you a quick demo got this
box is actually coming out tomorrow
you
go for have a bit lower salama from hey
you know
lose it all you guys see the voltage
you got 20 husband in it a little bit
easier on me give you a nice than 20
Hertz and then i'm going to call it a so
like i said she just in slow so coming
up tomorrow
right
exclusion test after you guys
one liter soda so you wasn't never even
stopped going in a minute before next
more so you got new sense noosa help
going there okay so we give you guys a
quick demo on this car ready all right
so guys make sure you check w w dot
shoot basis on hold on you que hace
so